Lumberjack Game – Comments/Dialog



Insults
You’re not very good at this are you?


Compliments
TOASTY!
Yeezus just rose again


Clock/Timer
FIGHT!
Time’s Up!
HURRY!!
FINISH HIM!!

Announcer Quotes

(In response to button mashing)

GIRL POWER!
TOASTY!
Well, that happened.
Oh, Sweet Jesus! Oh, Sour Jesus! Oh, BBQ Jesus! Oh, Cool Ranch Jesus! Oh, Doritos Locos Tacos Jesus!
Finish it! Finish it!

(During stasis)

Tick Tock!
Wait…For…It…
Watch out for itchy trigger fingers


Audience Conversations 
(In response to button mashing)

A1: Yeah! GIRL POWER!
A2: What’s wrong with you?
A1: I was diagnosed with being a moron years ago and I've never let it hold me back.

A2: Awww! I love puppies!
A1: Children are my least favorite animal

A1: I bet my kid’s college fund on this match.
A2: What happens if you lose?

A2: Really?! Magic Wand, make my monster grow!

A1: Y’know, I’ve been thinking
A2: Careful, you’re not very good at it.

A1: What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger
A2: What if I cut off your left leg? Would that make you stronger? Would it!?

A2: The two things I hate most: trees and dweebs

A1: Dragonzord!
A2: Mastodon!
A1: Saber-Toothed Tiger!
A2: Grandma!
A1: uhhh…

A1: Kick! Punch! It’s all in the mind. 
A2: If you want to test me, I’m sure you’ll find
A1: the things I’ll teach ya, is sure to beat ya. 
A2: Nevertheless you’ll get a lesson from teacher.

A1: I know….I gotta believe!


A1: All you ever need is to be nice and friendly.
A2: Lies! Money, Money, Money, is all you need.

(during stasis)

A1: Isn’t this where Scorpion fought Johnny Cage?
A2: GET OVER HERE!

A1: I love fairy tales. I've always wanted to be a princess, and get rescued by a handsome prince on a white horse.
A2: Would a plaid covered dog be OK?
A1: That works.

A1: I have a joke: If a tree falls in the woods, and…
A2: And…?
A1: Don’t rush me! And…no one, um, and no one yells timber…
A2: Why am I hanging out with the intellectually challenged?

A1: Uh, my mind move like a Tron bike
A2: Uh, pop a wheelie on the Zeitgeist
A1: Uh, they be balling in the D-League
A2: Uh, I be speaking Swaghili!

A1: Tell me, why did the chicken cross the road
A2: Uh, to get to the other side?
A1: Wrong! To meet his doom!

A1: Do you smell something?
A2: I know, all this toilet paper in its natural habitat. Beautiful, isn’t it?

A2: If we lived in a matriarchy, hot dogs wouldn't look like that
A1: Hamburgers are matriarchal
A2: Only if you fold the patties

A1: A conundrum wrapped in bacon is an enpigma.

A2: i believe i can fly i believe i can touch the sky

A1: When is Scarlet Witch going to come in and re-imagine the world, because things are getting cray-cray.

A1: I hope my nintendogs are alright, i haven’t fed them in 6 years

A1: I am A God. Hurry up with my damn massage. Get the Porche out the damn garage!

A2: We need to save the forests. 
A1: I have a big warehouse we can store them in.

A1: Trees are corrupting our parks.
A2: They should be arrested for loitering.
A3: For deciduous trees, add littering and indecent exposure to that list of offenses.


